Expand testing docs (#2745)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: docs/contributing/testing.md

## 5. Run the automated tests

> Automated testing helps ensure that our code is as free of bugs as it can be. It also lets us know immediately if a change we make breaks any other part of the code.

Reviewer: Should we add how it lets us know? Perhaps - It also provides immediate notifications if a change we make...etc
or
It also immediately displays where a change we make...etc

In your project folder, run `npm test` to run the automated tests, including linting.

> If a test fails, you should check your code for any errors, then update any tests you need to.

Reviewer: are they only updating the tests that failed?

> If a test fails, you should check your code for any errors, then update any tests you need to.

Reviewer: Are they only updating the tests that fail?

Author: I think there probably is a scenario where someone may need to update tests that *didn't* fail. They might spot some tests which should have failed, but didn't - they should also update those to make sure the tests are specific enough that they will catch code changes in future.

Reviewer: Well of we get any feedback that people are not sure what we mean then we can revisit.

## 6. Write new tests

You can [read more about the different types of tests in this project](../releasing/testing-and-linting).

You should write new tests if you’ve created a new component, or changed the way a component works by:

- changing or adding to the component's JavaScript code
- changing or adding to the component's Nunjucks macro
- creating or updating a Sass mixin or function

> If you're new to testing, see existing test files for examples of things to do. Don't let the tests keep you from submitting your contribution! If you're not sure how to do this or are having trouble, submit your pull request anyway. We will help you create the tests and sort out any kind of problem during code review.

Reviewer: Some minor things:
- Change 'Don't' to 'Do not'  
- "If you're not sure how to do this..." Is 'this' how to do the pull request or the testing?  
- Alternative text tweak for the last line - 'We will help you create the tests and solve problems during code review.'

## 5. Run the automated tests

> Automated testing helps ensure that the code changes we make don't unintentionally break functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automated testing helps ensure that the code changes we make do not unintentionally break functionality.
```
